RHDEVDOCS-3589: understanding odo (#42313)
openshift/openshift-docs: cli_reference/developer_cli_odo/understanding-odo.adoc

toc::[]

Red Hat OpenShift Developer CLI (`odo`) is a tool for creating applications on {product-title} and Kubernetes. With `{odo-title}`, you can develop, test, debug and deploy microservices-based applications on a Kubernetes cluster without having a deep understanding of the platform.

`{odo-title}` follows a _create and push_ workflow. As a user, when you _create_, the information (or manifest) is stored in a configuration file. When you _push_, the corresponding resources are created on the Kubernetes cluster. All of this configuration is stored in the Kubernetes API for seamless accessibility and functionality.

> `{odo-title}` uses _deploy and link_ commands to link components and services together. `{odo-title}` achieves this by creating and deploying services based on Kubernetes Operators in the cluster. Services can be created using any of the operators available on the Operator Hub. After linking a service, `odo` injects the service configuration into the service. Your application can then use this configuration to communicate with the Operator-backed service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`{odo-title}` uses link_ command to link components and services together. `{odo-title}` achieves this by creating and deploying services based on Kubernetes Operators in the cluster. Services can be created using any of the operators available on the Operator Hub. After linking a service, `odo` injects the service configuration into the component. Your application can then use this configuration to communicate with the Operator-backed service.
```

Technically the `deploy` command has nothing to do with links or services. Yes, it can deploy links and services that were defined before, but it can't help users define them. 
Mentioning it together with `link` looks a bit weird to me.

Author: Changing to service and link as per comment below

> `{odo-title}` uses _deploy and link_ commands to link components and services together. `{odo-title}` achieves this by creating and deploying services based on Kubernetes Operators in the cluster. Services can be created using any of the operators available on the Operator Hub. After linking a service, `odo` injects the service configuration into the service. Your application can then use this configuration to communicate with the Operator-backed service.

Reviewer 2: I think it is `uses _service and link_`, as this is the `odo service create` command used to anage the services, not the `odo deploy` one (`odo deploy` is used for the outer loop)

Reviewer 2: After linking a service, `odo` injects the service configuration into the ~~service~~ component (or application?).
